# FlexCalculator

My first approach to this was to use a java interface class that would be used to create other operation classes like Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, Division, and others. However, I chose not to persue this design since I was able to Modify the Operation enum to add new operations and I was not to change anything in the Calculator class. I then chose to define these simple operations in the enum itself, which would make it so that new classes would not needed to be created and it would be easier to maintain, extend, and scale this application.

For the calculate method we were expecting an operation enum, and two Numbers num1 and num2 as an input. Since I am defining the calculation for every operation in the enum itself all I need to do is call the calculate method and pass in the two numbers num1 and num2. I am also doing a little error handling here, where I check if the operration is null or not. If the operation is null then I would return a error message. 

I did not have a clear direction on how chaining operations would work so in my chaining method I assume that we would have a initial number, a list of Operations, and a list of numbers for the method input. I for every operation in the list of operations I would do the operation on the initial number with the number in the list of number in the ith position.

For the tests I have 6 junit tests which should give me 100% code coverage. I have a basic test that tests the four basic operations ADD, SUBTRACT, MULTIPLY, and DIVIDE. I have a test that tests the chaining operations method. I also test for error handleing like dividing by 0 and giving a null operation. I also test for unsupported operations. For this I created a UNSUPPORTED enum which throws a UnsupportedOperationException. And Finally I tested a new module operation which inteded to show how one would add new operations to this calculator without touching Calculator.java class. (I am assuming that adding new tests to CalculatorTest.java does not violate the open-close principle.)

To showcase the Open-Closed Principle(OCP) I added the MODULO enum to the calculator. All I had to do was add the MODULO in the enum and define the calculate method. After that I added a test that would test this feature. I feel like this desgin follows OCP very well and it is designed with maintainability and extensibility in mind. It also follows all the requirements outlined in the document. 
